Hey, good morning everybody. I just wanted
to come on here and tell you some more
things the Lord has showed me in prayer
time.
I'll tell you some positive
things, some good
things, but I have to tell you this first,
and this is not so good.
I want to be uplifting.
I don't want to stir up fear or make
anybody afraid, but
I have to tell you what the Holy
Spirit is telling me. There are things that we
can avoid and some things I
don't think we can.
I feel I'm a watchman,
like I've said, and it's my job to
tell you what's going on. There was
a massive barge traveling down
the Mississippi River. I could see rust
on the side of this barge; it was like a
big boat. It was supposedly
carrying grain or something out of the
north somewhere. There was black
all around the top of it. The area
where the captain or
the person who drives the boat sits
was white and had rust on it. It
looked like it was weathered. There was
a little
square opening on
the deck part. They
were moving,
went out into the Gulf of Mexico,
and turned their boat to
face
east. They opened the hatch
and put out a rocket. They
lifted it
up. The men on
this boat were
Asian;
I have no idea if it was
China or whatever, but
they raised this rocket up. It was
about five feet tall and
probably about a
foot to two feet thick at the most.
It was black and white and
had USSR written on the
rocket. They shot the rocket out over
America, and when they did, it exploded.
But I kept hearing in the spirit
realm, 'It's not going to get high
enough.'That's
what I was hearing.
It went out over the Tennessee and
Kentucky area, Atlanta,
Mississippi, Alabama, and then
it went up
by Ohio and exploded right over all
that area. When it did, it was an
EMP, and the EMP turned out all the lights.
Because it didn't get high
enough, it didn't have a blast
radius that affected everything
way over
to the west, but it affected all of
Virginia and Pennsylvania.
It was terrible; complete
darkness was over this area. The further west
you went, it wasn't as dark, and things
weren't affected as badly. I could see
that people in places like Colorado did not have
cell phones,
internet, or
cable TV.
They had TVs with bunny ears
and landline telephones, and
they still had electricity. You weren't
able to have a whole
bunch of stuff going; the power grid was really
weak, but you were still able to
power things. I
don't understand it all; I just see
things whenever I'm praying.
I could see the emergency broadcast
come on. I could hear it, and they were
warning the people of what happened. You
know how they warn you with the
emergency broadcast alerts
on our TVs?
They ran that because it
turned the TV on, and you could hear
the emergency broadcast going off.
I had some friends call the
landline at my house, and they asked, 'Do you have power?'I said,
'Yes.'I
went to my
refrigerator, opened it up,
and there was still a light
on inside.
Looking out south, I could see
in the spirit realm
that
the sycamore trees had leaves on
them. It was still really warm outside.
Whenever I'm seeing in the
spirit and the Lord is showing me something,
I always try to pay attention to
my surroundings: the trees,
the weather, and the warmth
outside, how it feels, you know, how I
would have assumed it to feel, where the
sun is at, everything. I try to pay
attention because you can always tell
where we are in the season. The sun was setting more towards the southwest, so it was a summer
month, probably late summer.
So, this was basically
the end of it, but it was a warning of
an EMP attack upon our nation. I
know it's a heavy message,
but I want to tell you about things
that the Lord shows me to pray about.
It's not to stir up fear; I believe we
can stop things through intercessory
prayer. I tell people this stuff
to warn you to pray.
Thank you so much for
watching this video. Hopefully, it didn't
freak you out too bad. Have a blessed day,
everybody.